Yesterday, I went to church.
Day after tomorrow starts a week long holiday.



Champions League will start this week.
He got married last year.
Technology developed a lot in past decade.


Can anybody predict the level of Technology we are going to have in next century?
Sunday is a universal holiday.
Many people prefer not to eat non-veg on Tuesdays.
Many October  have passed since then but that October of 1996 was the best.



Our family goes on a trip every spring.
I will be joining Carnegie Mellon starting in fall 2016.
Every morning and afternoon I go for a 10 min. walk.


There are many time zones in world like 5:30IST is equivalent to 0:00Greenwich mean time or 4:30 Eastern Standard Time.


I will turn 22 next leap year.


My Birthday is same as my parents' anniversary.

They have their anniversaries on the same day.


I won't be busy Monday afternoon.
Day time is over; it's bed time now.


I've been continuously working these nights, so I will be sleeping this afternoon.


I was very free those days.

The instructions are as follows.
The next step is to evaluate the tagger results.
The First step is to cross the road. After that, call me. Finally, tell me that you are done.

She daily comes to meet me. As soon as she arrives, I often try to seem busy.



We have an hourly meeting during office time, which I frequently attend. The Board of Directors' meeting is held monthly.



Our Last meeting was held on the previous Tues. Our next will be the following Tuesday.



I will be there at 10:30.
I will be there at 20:30.
I will be there at 10:30pm.
I will be there at 10 o'clock.
I will be there at half past Ten.
I will be there at 10am.
It will take 4 hr 32 min 14 sec to reach there.

It will take 4hr, 32min and 14sec to reach there.
It will take 4 hours 32 minutes and 14 seconds to reach there.

It will take 4 Hours, 32 minutes, and 14 Seconds to reach there.

It will take 4hr. 32min. 14sec. to reach there.
5 Jan, 2013 is a special day for her.

The 5th of Jan 2013 is a special day for her.


The 5th of Jan. is a special day for her.

January 5, 2013 is a special day for her.
Jan. 5th is a special day for her.

This Christmas should be tagged as December 25, 2013.


Goa celebrates the Sunburn festival between Christmas and the New Year.


During this festival, a lot of foreigners visit Goa.
Full moon day comes once a fortnight.


We first met in the nineties.
Weekends are the best part of a week.


We had an overnight stay in California, which is half an hour away from here.


He will take a half-hour to reach me.
He told me not to stop until I achieve my aim.  Since then I have never stopped.
Obama will be in India for two weeks.
This health camp is running from Monday until Wednesday.


The time is 23 minutes past 6.

The time is 23 minutes to 6.

You will have your work done within three days.
The show is about to begin.
Afterward, she got a promotion.
I am about to go to sleep.
Don’t ever say that again.
He would be speaking today.
She won’t be seeing her mother tomorrow.
She is to see her tomorrow.
The general assembly opens later this month.

If you ask her, she will help you.
Will he be boating?
Will she run?
Go and eat your dinner.
Don’t ever do that again.
He selected the next notebook.
The pony was called October.
The building is located at 2013 Broad Street.
He works for a company named Future First.
I love the burgers from Sunday Burger.
I’ve been using this giant spring to jump off the stage.
Niagara Falls is one of the largest waterfalls.
Her name is June Pinto.
He’d like to go to the 9 o’clock restaurant.
    Christmas Carol is a famous novel by Charles Dickens.
